The BBC has said it will defend a $5bn (£3.7bn) lawsuit filed by US President Donald Trump against the BBC over an edit of his 6 January 2021 speech in a Panorama documentary.
Trump accused the broadcaster of defamation and of violating a trade practices law, according to court documents filed in Florida.
The BBC apologised to Trump last month, but rejected his demands for compensation and disagreed there was a "basis for a defamation claim".
Trump's legal team accused the BBC of defaming him by "intentionally, maliciously, and deceptively doctoring his speech".
A BBC spokesperson said: "As we have made clear previously, we will be defending this case."
"We are not going to make further comment on ongoing legal proceedings."
Trump said last month he planned to sue the BBC for the documentary, which aired in the UK ahead of the 2024 US election.
"I think I have to do it," Trump told reporters then of his plans. "They cheated. They changed the words coming out of my mouth."
In his speech on 6 January 2021, before a riot at the US Capitol, Trump told a crowd: "We're going to walk down to the Capitol, and we're going to cheer on our brave senators and congressmen and women."
More than 50 minutes later in the speech, he said: "And we fight. We fight like hell."
In the Panorama programme, a clip showed him as saying: "We're going to walk down to the Capitol... and I'll be there with you. And we fight. We fight like hell."
The BBC acknowledged the edit had given "the mistaken impression" he had "made a direct call for violent action", but disagreed that there was basis for a defamation claim.
In November, a leaked internal BBC memo criticised how the speech was edited, and led to the resignations of the BBC's director general, Tim Davie, and its head of news, Deborah Turness.
Before Trump filed the lawsuit, lawyers for the BBC had given a lengthy response to the president's claims.
They said there was no malice in the edit and that Trump was not harmed by the programme, as he was re-elected shortly after it aired.
They also said the BBC did not have the rights to, and did not, distribute the Panorama programme on its US channels. While the documentary was available on BBC iPlayer, it was restricted to viewers in the UK.
In his lawsuit, Trump cites agreements the BBC had with other distributors to show content, specifically one with a third-party media corporation that allegedly had licensing rights to the documentary outside the UK. The BBC has not yet responded to these claims, nor has the company with the alleged distribution agreement.
The lawsuit also claims people in Florida may have accessed the programme using a VPN or by using streaming service BritBox.
"The Panorama Documentary's publicity, coupled with significant increases in VPN usage in Florida since its debut, establishes the immense likelihood that citizens of Florida accessed the Documentary before the BBC had it removed," the lawsuit said.
A Downing Street spokesperson said "any legal action is a matter for the BBC".
"We will always defend the principle of a strong, independent BBC as a trusted and relied upon national broadcaster reporting without fear or favour, but as we have also consistently said it is vitally important that they act to maintain trust, correcting mistakes quickly when they occur," the spokesperson said during a daily press briefing.
"They have made clear they believe there is no case around the broader point of defamation or libel, but that is for them and their legal teams to engage with."
Nigel Huddleston, shadow culture secretary, said the prime minister should "use his apparent influence to explain to the president that suing the BBC will negatively impact the licence fee payer".
Liberal Democrat leader Sir Ed Davey urged Sir Keir Starmer to tell Trump his decision to sue the BBC was "unacceptable".